# Manon

> [!NOTE]
>
> For Dutch, see [Dutch](README.md).

## üôã About Manon

Manon is a design framework based on the following principles:

### ‚ú® "Classless" when possible.

Manon prioritizes styling based on HTML structure, leading to clean and
maintainable code. This allows for efficient visual adjustments with minimal
HTML changes, for example, by loading a different CSS component for the same
HTML structure.

### üì¶ As small as possible

Use only what you need. Manon consists of individual components that can be
imported separately, so you don't have to use the entire set.

### üõ†Ô∏è Adjustable

Components are adjustable via variables. The modular design prevents unnecessary
CSS overrides. Consult the documentation or variable files for an overview of
the adjustable variables per component.

## üìö Documentation

The documentation is available at https://minvws.github.io/nl-rdo-manon. It is
generated from the [docs](./docs) directory on this repo.

## üöÄ Getting Started

To use Manon in your project:

1.  Make sure your project is set up to use Sass, and that you have a Sass
    compiler installed. If your build system does not support Sass, you can
    install
    [the Sass command line tool](https://sass-lang.com/documentation/cli/dart-sass/).

    ```bash
    npm install sass
    ```

2.  Install Manon and Manon Themes via npm:

    ```bash
    npm install @minvws/manon
    npm install @minvws/manon-themes
    ```

3.  In your project import the Manon framework, and a theme of your choice.

    ```scss
    // Import the Manon framework and its components
    @use "@minvws/manon/application-base";

    // You can also import specific components as needed here:
    // @use "@minvws/manon/p"

    // Import the iCore Open theme
    @use "@minvws/manon-themes/icore-open";
    ```

You're now ready to use the components in your HTML. Follow the instructions in
the [Component library](https://minvws.github.io/nl-rdo-manon/components) on how
to use the components in your HTML. Each component has its own page with
examples and code snippets.

You can also follow the
[tutorial](https://github.com/minvws/nl-rdo-manon/tree/main/examples/tutorial)
to learn how to use the components in a more structured way.

Additionally, we've provided
[some example implementations](https://github.com/minvws/nl-rdo-manon/tree/main/examples/)
in a few different frameworks.

## üå± Origin

Manon emerged from the need for a flexible design framework during the
vaccination campaign, where many websites had to be launched quickly under
strict branding and accessibility requirements from the Dutch government. The
Ministry of VWS developed this framework to simplify the building and management
of government-style compliant websites. This version has been adapted for
broader use.

The main difference between Manon Rijk (with government branding) and Manon Open
(general use) is that Manon Open is variable and adjustable. While the first
version of Manon was implemented as a whole, Manon Open allows you to choose
which components and CSS parts you want to add. This results in fewer overrides
and a smaller CSS file.

## üìÑ License

This repository follows the
[REUSE Specification v3.2](https://reuse.software/spec/). Please see
[REUSE.toml](./REUSE.toml), [LICENSES/](./LICENSES/) and the individual
`*.license` files for copyright and license information.
